Okay, so just a very,
very short theory lecture,
but what are the failover conditions for Multi AZ?
You need to remember them.
So the failover will happen from the primary DB
to the secondary DB
if there is a failure of the primary DB,
or if the operating system of your primary DB
is undergoing some software patching,
or if your primary DB becomes unreachable
due to loss of network of connectivity,
or if you modify your primary DB instance,
for example, you're changing the instance type,
or if it's busy and unresponsive,
if there's an underlying storage failure.
And you need to remember those, okay?
Because they can be tested on the exam.
So just need to make sure that you are on with it.
But they're quite natural.
And also, you will have,
if you have an AZ outage,
and obviously, it's going to failover
because it's Multi AZ,
or if you initiate a manual failover of the DB instance,
using the option named Reboot with failover.
So that's it.
That's all you need to know.
I will see you in the next lecture.